harry potter is growing older and so
strange changes are beginning to take
place at hogwarts at hogwarts the
students are transforming me what is it
what's happening to me put me down so
I'm green now tell rageous about this
summer harry potter is about to find out
how hard teenage life at hogwarts can be
oh why we're here we'd imagine know what
the rumors are true does harry potter
have a large piece yes
seen it well I met her sinitta look it
all sounds great when you say it like
that but it's just paying mod and my
knee I'm not yes so get ready when
puberty to hit the magic world harry
potter and the outcasts of hogwarts the
magic of Puritan coming soon
Ron I love you just kidding